first how to chop an onion this is the
root that's absolutely crucial leave
that on there you cut that off the onion
will start to bleed and you'll start
crying rapidly slice go forward that
weight of the knife do the work three
fingers one in front two behind and this
part of the knuckle is gonna guide the
knife fingers on top of the onion point
the knife towards the root and try to
get as close to the root as possible
nice long stroke and then push the onion
back together push the knife halfway in
to the onion slightly tilt the knife
down one at the top and then gripping
the onion like a tennis ball holding it
together in place with the weight of the
blade to cut through that onion to get
to the base of the root again turn it
round up and down motion and that's what
we left there no waste just the root and
look there you've got a really nice
finely chopped onion basmati rice the
king of all Rice's light fluffy
delicious and I'm going to show you how
to cook it perfectly now start off with
400 grams of rice rice in spot-on
something to do now is just rinse off
the dust and start cold water
always
and is rinse the rice that stops the
rice from becoming clumpy in the pan and
allowed it yummy nice light and fluffy
once it's cooked rice into the pan now
to make a plain fluffy rice exciting
we're going to choose it three cardamom
pods and just get the pods and just
pierce them so it allows all that flavor
to come out cardamom pods and then star
anis now these are beautiful whole star
anis it makes it really nice and
fragrant salt and pepper lot easier to
season the rice now then it is once it's
cooked we start to break up when you
season once it's cooked now basically
one part rise to one and a half part
water
six hundred mils always started off in
cold water cold water in onto the gas
lid on bring it up to the ball as quick
as possible and turn it down and let it
simmer for eight to ten minutes and
that's the secret behind cooking great
rice allow it to steam as it's cooking
do not lift that lid up
lid off mmm it smells aromatic basically
all the waters absorbed the rice has
doubled in size and is nice and light
and fluffy take the star in ease out the
cardamom pods the all should have risen
to the top pods out take your fork fluff
it through basically just sort of starts
to open thing back up once you've fought
you through becomes really nice and
light and fluffy and there that is
perfectly cooked rice this is basically
a fileted side of salmon it's been taken
off the bone and now skin off pick up
your knife a really nice broad flexible
affinity knife little sharpen lift up
the base of the tail and then just Nick
a little bit at the end there twist the
knife almost as if it's horizontally
underneath the salmon pull the skin and
you slice the salmon underneath and let
the knife do the work now get your skin
flip it back over and check your not
leaving too much salmon on top of the
skin pull it back nice and slowly
get the skin wrap it around your fingers
pull the salmon towards you and then
just all the way through lay that down
one nicely skinned salmon just like a
perfect snake skin get your knife and
just run the knife down and then with a
pair of tweezers these are fish tweezers
but you can use normal tweezers look for
the head up and pull and with the skin
being removed from underneath the salmon
the pin bones come out a lot easier the
pin bones only go to just basically
halfway along the Filat one nice fill it
of salmon beautiful
it's far harder working in the kitchen
with a blunt knife than it is with a
sharp knife the secret behind keeping a
sharp knife sharpen it before and every
time you use it first grip the steel
feel really come to about holding still
imagine you're holding a tennis racket
or you're playing squash gotta be really
comfortable with it now 45 degrees
confident grip confident grip with a
knife this is the butt of the steel
really important to keep your fingers
behind there
you never grip US Steel with your
fingers over that because the knife
comes back in you just lost a finger
always grip behind nice long strokes so
we get the whole of the blade over steel
stroke and we start from the bottom to
the top so there across there across
throw strokes over the top of the steel
and then come back in to meet send back
underneath it is so dangerous working in
the kitchen with a blunt knife you can
cause so much damage working with a
sharp knife is ten times quicker more
efficient now that's ready to start
chopping
it can be easily undercooked or
overcooked here's how to do it properly
first water in nice large pan to make
sure that passes got sufficient room to
cook evenly nicely seasoned
absolutely crucial olive oil in that
stops the pasta from sticking together
reach up to the ball that's the rolling
boil the secret there it stops the pass
from sticking together and it gently
rolls it around now this is angel passed
a nice thin pasta takes 304 minutes
so into the pan there's a hits the water
it melts and then you turn it round
tongs as that starts to melt gently
twist that into the pan bring it back up
to the boil if your better timing then
set a timer beautiful to test it lift a
little strand and you actually feel it
with your fingers still nice and firm
mmm I'll dente
not a bite not a strong buy but just
really nice and firm inside definitely
not crunchy and then into a colander
drain the pasta in a light seasoned salt
and pepper a tablespoon of olive oil mix
that through that stops it from sticking
together and look there you go beautiful
pasta al dente mmm cook perfectly let's
give me a little raise okay and let's
get cooking and shall we
that's a big one